Sir, let's eat something first
No hurry no hurry
Look at you, you're not old.
Where are you from?
Why does kindness fall into the dust?
The young master's servant is called Qing'er
Originally from Qinzhou
Is a downtrodden
It is also helpless
Not afraid of jokes
The slave's father was born to gamble
Losing everything at home
Then the brothel outside the slave
After several turns, I came to Chang'an
Just to find a way out
Gambling dad
Sick mom
Reading brother
Broken him
So poor
I haven't seen you draw yet.
Big brother, the money is the same.
Money for the Gao family is not easy either.
It was fought with my grandfather's life
It's hard-earned money
How can you be so normal?
Otherwise, how can you be worthy of your grandfather?
Hey
Playboy, the prime minister is back and wants to see you
Come on in.
Mr. Fan
So soon to figure out the dream of Friday
Hey
The eldest son is cautious on Friday
Subordinates have been inquiring for many days
It was discovered that this person had a major weakness
Just like fun
He loves to come to Rouge Pavilion the most
Stayed here almost every night for the past seven days
Ah yes, he went out once this morning.
There are twice as many guards around than usual
I'm afraid I'll be prepared when I learn that the son is released from prison
Might as well start
I wanted to solve it as a stubborn
Start with Zhou Wu first, and then slowly find shame
But he didn't give me a chance.
That's a bit
The meaning of this young master's direct attack on King Rongqing